It seems that I must have picked this thing up
I told you to give it back to me quickly
Don't make me call the police
The quality of this jade is at least hundreds of thousands
Once you get caught
At least, you have to be good for more than ten years
Hundreds of thousands are millions.
Tens of millions are not comparable to this honorary family
Stop talking nonsense and return the cigarette
Looks like I was spoiled before
I used to be more forgiving
But you don't know how to receive gifts
Now that I'm divorced, I still want to exploit me
To give or not to give
Otherwise, don't blame us for being rude to you. Okay.
Then I'll wait slowly.
See how polite you are to us
Son, what do you expect me to do?
Stop me from snatching the door back
Five minutes, haha, wow.
Grandpa, how dare you hit me?
If my son hadn't seen
I'm with Mr. Hu and his wife
He'd be dead by now.
Son you are sick
Let's go to the hospital first.
Mom, let's go to the hospital
Graduation today reached 40,000 investment bet of the wealthy family
Also shot and hurt people
I'm going to make a big fuss today
He has to be skinned if he doesn't die
Good idea but then
I must make you pay